gh-128813: deprecate cval field of the PyComplexObject struct (#137271)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/complex.rst

   This subtype of :c:type:`PyObject` represents a Python complex number object.

   .. c:member:: Py_complex cval

      The complex number value, using the C :c:type:`Py_complex` representation.

>       .. deprecated:: 3.15

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      .. deprecated-removed:: next 3.17
```

>       .. deprecated-removed:: next 3.17

Author: Maybe we should recommend PyComplex_AsCComplex() here?

Reviewer: And `PyComplex_FromCComplex` too?

Author: Yes.  It's possible that someone uses ``cval`` also to mutate complex number.

Reviewer: If it's a subtype instance they've just allocated, it might even work.

   This subtype of :c:type:`PyObject` represents a Python complex number object.

   .. c:member:: Py_complex cval

      The complex number value, using the C :c:type:`Py_complex` representation.

>       .. deprecated-removed:: next 3.17

Reviewer 2: What is the plan to actually remove the field? Rename it? Maybe only deprecate it without scheduling its removal?

Author: > What is the plan to actually remove the field? Rename it?

Yes, make private field.

> Maybe only deprecate it without scheduling its removal?

I though this was decided by C-API WG ;-)

"Just deprecation" will block possible changes in internals of PyComplexObject, until we announce actual removal.

Reviewer 2: > I though this was decided by C-API WG ;-)

You're right, let's follow the C-API WG decision.

         Use instead :c:func:`PyComplex_AsCComplex` and
         :c:func:`PyComplex_FromCComplex` to access/set a Python complex

>          number, using the C :c:type:`Py_complex` representation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         Use :c:func:`PyComplex_AsCComplex` and
         :c:func:`PyComplex_FromCComplex` to convert a
         Python complex number to/from the C :c:type:`Py_complex`
         representation.
```
